[♪...]
YUMA: There was nothing
I could do stop Kite
KITE: There is no escape
now my little friend
you and your numbers
will be hunted down!
That guy's in a whole
different league than me.
Astral: It is my fault we almost
lost to that number Hunter.
And now your soul
and number cards.
Will be mine!
Galaxy-Eyes photon Dragon!
Prepare to attack!
If the duel had not been
stopped, then I
I would have vanished
from here forever.
Totally meant to do that.
Ya' know something needs to
seriously change here,
astral. You've spent the last
couple days staring at walls
and making bummer comments.
I cannot help it
listen!
You gotta get it together!
Avoiding that guy Kite
isn't an option.
He's gonna come
for us eventually.
And when he does, we
need to be ready!
But if we are not, and we lose.
You're supposed to be
the one giving me
big inspiring speeches.
You can't be sitting around and
TORI: Hey!
Hey, guys, what's up?
World duel carnival?
Bronk: Yeah!
It's like a tournament
or something.
They're gonna be holding the
whole thing in heartland.
And like
these really incredible
duelists from all over the
world, like places we've
never even heard of,
are gonna be there!
I bet Kite's gonna be there
what's wrong?
You don't seem psyched.
Grandma: Yuma
ALL: Grandma!
When'd you get here?
I need you to be a sweetheart
and take these to an
old friend of mine who
lives out of town a ways.
There's a note in there, too.
Looks really heavy, c'mon,
today's saturday, grandma.
Who are you and what
have you done with my
kind and generous grandson?
Where is he!?
I'm right here!
And I, I - I'll do it.
[♪...]
♪ as life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never amount
to nothing ♪
♪ down and down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid to challenge
myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams from dieing ♪
♪ I hi-Five the skys ♪
♪ spread my wings say got this
time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to make it all
the way ♪
♪ take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe...♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave all my
fears Behind ♪
♪ my future is still alive
inside ♪
♪ take a chance to Chase my
doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me through my
darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to make it all
the way ♪
♪ take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ take a breathe my heart will
lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'm taking a chance today ♪
[♪...]
I hope you're
comfortable up there.
How's the view?
Sunset nice?
Everytime I think we're
at the top, there's
more steps, it never ends.
My legs Feel like jelly!
Well Then try lookin' at it this
way, yuma, if we turn around
now, you'll have to carry that
bag all the way back.
You're right!
I can totally do this.
I just have to feel the flow!
Uh, what is this place?
Special delivery!
Hey, is anybody home?
Argh!
What's wrong?!
monkey attack, monkey
attack, monkey attack,
attack, geh, geh, geh!
There's a monkey on my back!
ROKU: Friends!
You got any dipping sauce?
That "Monkey" Looks
like an old man.
Yeah!
A full belly is
indeed a happy belly!
Be sure and give
my thanks to haru!
Did you "Haru?"
you mean my grandma?
Uuh, so how do you two know each
other, old-Timer?
"Old-Timer?!"
the name happens to be roku, but
you can call me master roku!
All: "master roku??"
KARI: You sent yuma to
the duel sanctuary?
Grandma!
The more yuma gets involved with
all this duel stuff, the
more danger he's gonna be in,
think about mom and dad.
I'd love nothing more than to
keep our yuma safe
forever, but you and I both know
there's no stopping his passion
for dueling, we might as well
prepare him for what lies ahead.
And what "lies ahead?"
ALL: Huh!?
"Can't go home?"
you've missed the last
bus by about an hour.
And everyone around here
calls it a day at sundown.
So then we'll walk.
But then you wouldn't be able to
clean this room for me.
Whaddya mean, "clean this room?"
this place is a mess, that
would take us forever.
Then you better get started.
Your grandmother's note said
you would do anything
I asked you to do.
Your sweet little granny's
not a liar, is she?
Of course not, but the!
Put all that stuff in
the back closet bronk.
Yuma!
You aren't helping any.
But, I'm trying, and,
this Broom is defective,
yeah, that's it,
hey.
I wonder what the old
man's got in that room.
Whoa, it's dark magician!
And blue-Eyes white Dragon!
And!
And, and
and!
Red-Eyes, wow, there's
neos, and, oh man, it's!
Dark magician girl!
All the legendary
monsters in one place!
Wow!
Yuma, stop
trying to get outta
what's in here?
Whoa, this is awesome!
I'm glad you like them.
I poured my heart and soul into
making these wooden
statues, every time one of my
little Birdies flies from the
nest, I carve a new one
in his or her honor.
"Little birdies?"
Yes.
My students, my protegees,
this historical duel sanctuary
is a training house,
a place of knowledge.
Many incredible duelists
Have mastered their art
in this very room.
Wow, that is so cool, and so are
these statues, they look
like they're about to move.
But they do move.
No they don't.
Are you serious?
I am.
During a duel, these
statues come to life!
Do you want to see?
Hmm?
Get set to get decked old-Timer!
Augmented Reality Vision
Link established.
Let's duel!
In This duel training scenario,
two legends have already been
summoned to each of our fields.
I've got blue-Eyes statue Dragon
and red-Eyes statue Dragon.
You have statue dark magician
and statue dark magician girl.
The decks we're using
are wooden training decks
made by yours truly.
Now, the four legendary monsters
on our fields
remain as wooden statues.
Their powers are sealed away,
they have zero attack points.
They cannot engage in battle.
They what?
So you were kidding when you
said they could move.
You can say they can move.
You can believe
that they cannot.
That choice is yours to make.
Eeh!
I see,
the potential of these
monsters depends on
the decisions yuma makes
yuma, you have the power to
bring them to life.
But he just,
one of the cards in
your deck must be the key
to unlocking their powers.
So you mean
oh!
I get it!
Should I get comfy?
Maybe make myself some tea?
Back on your feet, gramps!
Cause here I go, I draw!
Whoa, sweet!
I'm activating, the
statue zone field spell!
Oh!
This field spell
removes the Seal placed
on All statue monsters!
Come on, everyone!
Let's feel the flow!
This is so amazing!!
wooo!
Legendary monsters are
officially in the house!
This is, like, the greatest
thing I've ever seen ever!
Alright, dark magician!
Let's do this!
Attack his red-Eyes!
Dark Magic attack!
Hoohoo, not too bad,
little scrapper
aw, yeeah!
This is so great!
Question, you may've made a
monster move,
but can you truly
move a monster?
What are you talking about?
I just destroyed
red-Eyes with dark magician!
Perhaps you need a new
perspective.
What's
what, what's going on?
Argh!
Eh!?
what am I holding!?
This looks like
I'm dark magician!
I'm dark magician
easy now, good, Dragon
whoa, that's
that's me.
No way!
This is quite and
interesting scenario
This is really freaking me out.
Look alive, Sonny!
C It's my turn now!
I activate a spell
polymerization!
And now I fuse three blue eyes
white-Dragon's
from my graveyard and
hand, to fusion summon
blue-Eyes ultimate
statue Dragon!
Haha!
Now my ultimate Dragon - Attack
dark magician girl!
Neutron Blast attack!
Dark magician girl!
Next I activate the de-Fusion
spell card from my hand!
So by Sending my blue-Eyes
utlimate Dragon to my extra
deck, it splits apart, and now I
have three blue-Eyes white
Dragon's again!
Wait!
Don't do it!
Don't attack!
Yes, when staring into the eyes
of a powerful foe, you tremble
in fear, it's only natural.
Our monsters are no different.
They are forced to confront
their fears every time we duel.
Feel the terror!
Buckle under the weight of
your fear, tremble as
my blue-Eyes attack
you directly!
Go White lightning!
He lost!
I may have pushed
you a little too hard.
But you felt it, didn't you?
You felt the fear a monster must
wrestle with every
time you summon it
to battle in your name.
When you learn to make that fear
your own, and when you master
how to tame it, only
then will you truly be
able to move a monster.
I can't believe it,
I never really knew.
I always figured monsters
weren't afraid of anything
but that's not True,
they're just like me.
This is Boring
yuma, weren't we gonna
catch a movie today?
If you guys wanna take off, go
ahead, I think
I'm gonna stick
around a little longer.
These statues
won't clean themselves
in that case, I'll whip
up some breakfast.
Wait!
But
supposed to go to a movie.
Morning!
Hey!
How did this happen?
This statue's all
messed up right here.
It's, it's almost like it was
cut in half and put back
together, did someone
break this once?
Why would anyone do that?
That boy has a good spirit, he's
a diamond just waiting to shine
he's the opposite of him.
It, it's you.
Kaze: Yes it is, "master"
I'm back.
Didn't think you'd
see me again, did you?
I did not, after all, I said you
were never to come back here.
You told me a lot
of things, old man
But words are cheap.
Let's duel!
Hey!
Uh, can I help you?
And who are you?
Yuma!
What happened?!
get away, my boy.
Uh.
Away from what?
You mean this guy?
Who is he?
Kaze, a former pupil of mine.
You lose again.
And you will keep Losing if you
let your anger blind you.
I told you not to play that
card, why did you not listen?
You will never control the
darkness inside you unless you
kaze!
Don't listen to your rage!
Kaze!
Leave this place, now.
One day, I will defeat you and
the legendary deck will be mine!
That day has finally arrived,
roku, I'm the master now,
where's the deck?
I think I accidentally
threw it away.
You think I'm joking!?
your spirit's been corroded by
darkness, you don't deserve to
even look at the legendary deck!
I'll destroy everything
here if I have to!
Oh no you won't!
Yuma, no!
Walk away, you runt, this does
not concern you.
Yeah it does, 'cause roku
roku is my master!
Use what I have taught and
victory will be yours.
Ha!
I guess that senile old fool
will take anyone in
whatever you're after, you're
gonna have to go
through me to get it.
Is that so? That
won't be a problem.
Duel disk go!
Duel gazer, let's roll!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Let's duel!
I have a bad feeling about this
I am right by your side, yuma.
Astral?
I thought I was on my
own for this one!
I believe I have a lot
to learn from this old man.
That makes me his student, too.
Then let's school this fool!
It's my turn!
I draw!
I summon gagaga magician!
Next, I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
What a joke
I draw!
I summon flame armor ninja!
Then from my hand, I activate
the spell card armor ninjitsu
art of teleportation.
The power of this card allows me
to summon a ninja
monster from my hand.
Behold, air armor ninja!
Due to teleportation's effect.
My ninjas can't attack.
However
I don't think I like
where this is going
I can overlay flame armor
ninja and air armor ninja!
With These two monsters, I build
the overlay network and xyz
summon, blade armor ninja!
Yikes, that didn't take
long, did it astral?
No, it did not, and
that is worrisome.
And now blade Armor ninja
attack gagaga magician!
That's not happenin'
on my watch!
I play the trap gagaga shield!
Now my magician can use this
shield to protect itself.
Nice try, ninja pants!
But my gagaga isn't
go-Go-Going anywhere.
Perhaps..
but you will still
feel its sting.
And now, by using
an overlay unit,
blade armor ninja
can attack again!
And once again,
you take damage!
Yuma!
Poor Fool
if you hadn't tried to protect
your monster, you wouldn't
have taken any damage at all.
My monsters are my friends
they're not just things who
battle for me, they're a part of
me, they've got my back, and
I've got theirs!
Your "friends?" if you want to
believe something so pathetic,
go ahead, but that kind of
thinking will
lead you to your undoing.
You think so?
Well then give me all you've got
and let's find out!